Mcq Quiz

Assignment: Build a Quiz App Using Provided JSON

Overview
Youʼre given a gist of 10 questions in API Question Json List 
Link : https://gist.githubusercontent.com/dr-samrat/53846277a8fcb034e482906ccc0d12b2/raw

Build an Android app that:

1) Launch & Load
    On launch, parse the JSON into a List<Question>.
    Show a brief splash or loading indicator while you prepare data.
2) Quiz FlowQuestion Screen
    Display the current question (text + four options).
    Tapping an option, reveals the right answer and user selectedanswer.
    Then after 2 seconds, it immediately advances to the next question.
    Tapping “Skipˮ ad vances immediately to the next question.
     Streak LogicTrack consecutive correct answers.When the streak count hits 3, 
     streak badge lights up.
     Think creative way to engage user.
     Any wrong answer resets the streak counter to 0
     
3) End of Quiz
    After the 10th question, transition to a Results Screen that shows:
    Results as per design elements
    Correct/Total
    Optional: Skipped questions
    Your longest streak achieved
    
    Options on Results Screen:
        Restart Quiz: reset all counters and go back to Question 1.

4) Design
    Inspiration
    The below are the inspirations. Its not important to follow the below design, any creative functional solution is acceptable.



    
5) Deliverables
    Git repo Full Android Studio running functional project
    Readme.md : that list your implementation clearly.
    Non Functional Requirements
    Beautify the user experience by adding Animations, Gestures (e.g.swipe right to navigate question during test) etc
    Implement your solution with clear separation of UI, state, and datalayers.
    Consistent design (colors, typography, spacing).
    Use material components and follow accessibility best practices.
    The shared design is just a reference  Not a constraint!
    Feel free to reimagine the solution and go with what you believe delivers the best userexperience.